readme.md, before:

# mothreader

> color web pages text with a gradient that makes it easier to read things (hopefully)

[Install from addons.mozilla (firefox)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/mothreader/)

Can also manually install from the zip on the releases page

### Build locally

(recommend using [volta](https://volta.sh/))

1. Checkout the copied repository to your local machine eg. with `git clone https://github.com/beep-beep-boop-boop/mothreader/`
1. run `npm install` to install all required dependencies
1. run `npm run build`

The build step will create the `distribution` folder, this folder will contain the generated extension.

You can then run `npx web-ext build` to build the extension .zip

### Run the extension

Using [web-ext](https://extensionworkshop.com/documentation/develop/getting-started-with-web-ext/) is recommened for automatic reloading and running in a dedicated browser instance. Alternatively you can load the extension manually (see below).

1. run `npm run watch` to watch for file changes and build continuously
1. in another terminal, run `npx web-ext run` for Firefox or `web-ext run -t chromium`
1. Check that the extension is loaded by opening the extension options ([in Firefox](media/extension_options_firefox.png) or [in Chrome](media/extension_options_chrome.png)).

#### Manually

You can also [load the extension manually in Chrome](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2017/04/browser-extension-edge-chrome-firefox-opera-brave-vivaldi/#google-chrome-opera-vivaldi) or [Firefox](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2017/04/browser-extension-edge-chrome-firefox-opera-brave-vivaldi/#mozilla-firefox).

Commit message:

add script to build both firefox and chrome dist files

readme.md, after:

# mothreader

> color web pages text with a gradient that makes it easier to read things (hopefully)

[Install from addons.mozilla (firefox)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/mothreader/)

Can also manually install from the zip on the releases page

### Build locally

1. Checkout the copied repository to your local machine eg. with `git clone https://github.com/beep-beep-boop-boop/mothreader/`
2. run `npm install` to install all required dependencies
3. run `./build.sh`

this will create a `dist-chrome.zip` and `dist-firefox.zip`, which are (hopefully) valid web extension files.

### Debugging the extension

I didn't bother getting this to work again, so you probably just have to do the build step and add it manually. In firefox you can go to `about:debugging` and add a temporary extension w/ debugging tool access.

#### Manually

You can also [load the extension manually in Chrome](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2017/04/browser-extension-edge-chrome-firefox-opera-brave-vivaldi/#google-chrome-opera-vivaldi) or [Firefox](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2017/04/browser-extension-edge-chrome-firefox-opera-brave-vivaldi/#mozilla-firefox).
